Allow data plane configuration at runtime (#2477)
firezone/firezone: kotlin/android/README.md

# Firezone Android client

This README contains instructions for building and testing the Android client
locally.

## Dev Setup

1. [Install Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)
1. [Install Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio)
1. Install your JDK 17 of choice. We recommend just
   [updating your CLI](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/43211282/using-jdk-that-is-bundled-inside-android-studio-as-java-home-on-mac)
   environment to use the JDK bundled in Android Studio to ensure you're using
   the same JDK on the CLI as Android Studio.
1. Perform a test build: `./gradlew assembleDebug`

> 1. [Set up a dev signing key]() and add its fingerprint to the portal's

Author: ```suggestion
1. Find your debug signing key's SHA256 fingerprint and add its fingerprint to the portal's
```
